For Professional Clients Only

This material is for informational purposes only and should not be deemed as a recommendation to buy or sell the securities mentioned or securities
and countries in the industries mentioned herein.
All investments involve risks, including the possible loss of principal. The
opinions are those of the author(s) as of the date of the paper and are subject
to change at any time due to changes in market or economic conditions.
Any information regarding expected market returns and market outlook
is based on the research, analysis, and opinions of the author(s). These
conclusions are speculative in nature, may not come to pass, and are not
intended to predict the future of any specific Morgan Stanley investment.
Past performance is not indicative of future results. All investments
involve risks, including the possible loss of principal. Morgan Stanley
does not render advice on tax and tax accounting matters to clients.
This communication was issued and approved in the United Kingdom
by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Limited, 25 Cabot Square,
Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA, authorized and regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, for distribution to Professional Clients only and must
not be relied upon by Retail Clients (each as defined in the UK Financial
Conduct Authority’s rules).
This communication was issued by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited for use in
Hong Kong and shall only be made available to “professional investors” as
defined under the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong (Cap 571).
The contents of this document have not been reviewed nor approved by
any regulatory authority including the Securities and Futures Commission
in Hong Kong. Accordingly, save where an exemption is available under the
relevant law, this document shall not be issued, circulated, distributed,
directed at, or made available to, the public in Hong Kong.
This document should not be considered to be the subject of an invitation
for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public
or any member of the public in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional
investor under section 304 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter
289 of Singapore (“SFA”), (ii) to a “relevant person” (which includes
an accredited investor) pursuant to section 305 of the SFA, and such
distribution is in accordance with the conditions specified in section 305
of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
This communication is disseminated in Australia by Morgan Stanley
Investment Management (Australia) Pty Limited ACN: 122040037, A.F.S.L.
No. 314182, which accept responsibility for its contents. This publication,
and any access to it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the
meaning of the Australian Corporations Act.
This document contains information relating to the sub-fund (“Fund”) of
Morgan Stanley Investment Funds (“MS INVF”), a Luxembourg domiciled
Société d’Investissement à Capital Variable. Morgan Stanley Investment
Funds (the “Company”) is registered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
as an undertaking for collective investment pursuant to Part 1 of the Law
of 17th December 2010, as amended. The Company is an Undertaking for
Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”).
Applications for shares in any MS INVF should not be made without first
consulting the current Prospectus, Key Investor Information Document
(“KIID”), Annual Report and Semi-Annual Report (“Offering Documents”),
or other documents available in your local jurisdictions which are available
free of charge at the above address.
This communication is only intended for and will be only distributed to
persons resident in jurisdictions where such distribution or availability
would not be contrary to local laws or regulations.
